Repository created to store some key concepts and assignments of the Harvard CS50-Python course. Table of contents:

- [Week 0 - Variables and Functions:](Week%200%20Variables) Basic Concepts of Python sintaxis, variables, functions, parameters and some data types.
- [Week 1 - Conditionals:](Week%201%20Conditionals) How to create conditions with some operators, `if`, `elif`, `else`, good pythonic practices and `match`
- [Week 2 Loops:](Week%202%20Loops) What are loops and the different cycles that exist, `while`, `for`, lists and dictionaries.
- [Week 3 Exceptions:](Week%203%20Exceptions) How to handle errors with `try`and `except`. Exceptions, value errors, runtime errors.
- [Week 4 Libraries:](Week%204%20Libraries) What are libraires, modules and packages. Examples like Statistics, Random and APIs.
- [Week 5 UnitTest:](Week%205%20UnitTest) How to hanlde errors with `assert`. Make Unit Tests with `pytest` good practices to make unit tests and handle unit tests in a whole folder or package.
- [Week 6 Files:](Week%206%20Files) How to open files with python so we can modify those files writing, appending or reading their content, also how to manipulate the CSV files with more flexibility with the `csv` module.
- [Week 7 RegularExpressions:](Week%207%20RegularExpressions) Identify patterns within a string using the `re` library and regular expressions. How to build patterns with it's special symbols in the right way. Group certain parts of a string to extract information; substitute a pattern within a string with another string using `re.sub()`. Built-in flags.
- [Week 8 Object-Oriented Programming:](Week%208%20Object-Oriented%20Programming)  Programming paradigm that organizes software design around objects, which may contain data (attributes or properties) and code (procedures, often referred to as methods). OOP focuses on the creation of objects that are instances of classes, which define their type and behavior. How to build `classes`, `class methods`, `Inheritance`and `Operator Overloading`.
- [Week 9 Etc:](Week%209%20Etc) Sets, Maps, List and Dictionary Comprehenssion, Constants, Type Hints, DocStrings, ArgParser, Unpacking, Generators and Iterators
- [Final Project:](Week%209%20Etc/FinalProject/) Developed the Game of Life utilizing Object-Oriented Programming (OOP), argparse, try-except blocks, comprehensive docstrings, and various other Python features. This implementation includes multiple menus and optional flags, allowing users to customize several aspects of the game, such as the color of alive cells, the number of cells, and the probability of cells being initially alive.